Hello Hello Everyone Time Kunwar
welcomes you all once again friends after unlock
more people have started going out of the house keeping
this in mind today I am going to
tell you friends subscribe
online too so friends you get subscription if you do it
anywhere in India then for that
friends by subscribing you separately
friends let me tell you that
Yudh
Nimbada will pay premium it asks for a very nominal one
which I will tell you in the next video
you will get insurance for the whole year
and friends
in insurance you will go from Saheb Road hey
do it now or start the day with movement as well as
when is the way of travelling i.e.
subscribe friends for that it will start when you leave the house
and people will also subscribe
all those things friends
subscribe to unlimited tips
Suryaketu of flight will have to be booked somewhere till then I am
making it so whatever
you get while returning it should cover all those things
if you get subscribed then subscribe all those things
subscribe definitely
subscribe so friends subscribe
this number tuition milk they have
launched it immediately so friends
subscribe on this product status friends subscribe
you can buy it online very easily for 500 rupees online  If you can, then
friends, subscribe. Friends,
subscribe. You will keep getting interesting
videos on your phone and I am
showing you, on
one side, you can buy this information online.
So friends, first of all, you
should go to your mobile and
click on the phone in your mobile. So,
friends, you can see that you can subscribe.
You can do this at any time. And there is a
notification here. There are many
notifications here. You will get a notification in
which friends can see
that you have to click on it, like click
subscribe in front of you and many
friends can see that whatever option is there in your house,
friends, you have to click here and
select it. This option was opened in front of you.
Through which you
can buy this insurance. So friends, we are looking here.
Friends, we simply clicked.
Your basic information is being given and below
is given I agree and friends, you
can see that there is a forced premium which will be
applicable for the whole year. So,
after seeing this page, as soon as you click on OK on it,
friends, a new page will open in front of you in
which you will be opened for payment.
If you have any cut from  It will come automatically after washing.
Otherwise friends, you can pay through net banking
or by taking any card details,
then a message will be sent from friends on 101
and your interest will be confirmed, so
friends, this must have been informative for you,
subscribe to